[DOCS-2983] mention admission controller in k8s section (#12737)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/getting_started/tagging/unified_service_tagging.md

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Kubernetes" %}}

> **Note**: If you deployed Datadog Cluster Agent with [Admission Controller][14] enabled, the Admission Controller will mutate the Pod manifests and inject all required environment variables (based on configured mutation conditions). In that case, manuall configuration of `DD_` environment variables in Pod manifests is unnecesary. See [Admission Controller][14] documentation for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you deployed the Datadog Cluster Agent with [Admission Controller][14] enabled, the Admission Controller mutates the pod manifests and injects all required environment variables (based on configured mutation conditions). In that case, manual configuration of `DD_` environment variables in pod manifests is unnecessary. See the [Admission Controller][14] documentation for more details.
```
